Sahin without one day I'll say your name
please miss your boy kdrama
and though in the natural libras it will
not been closed so what you're passing
looks like hailing from Dallas Texas law
paletine so amen week about our ministry
raise the bar so our music lifted
dumbbells in the industry don't you see
you in the cemetery the enemy I got
faith in I'm strong enough to scare man
I came to take your life up like a
hairline
we come together to save people through
our wheels powers
displaying her I ain't the captain
I'm not fuckin drunk but never want to
look we caught that yeah fingers ain't
never stirred everything hook a crepe
slag okay take your stick back up
thought you two were cool luck reverse
figure to know we all get my grips
tighter better embrace I'm in your body
summer we strengthen number them with
her fingers to form the Pfister punches
together is one the Pistons keep the
engine running on the Voltron so try the
stickers common cold or slow come with
me
the defeat will be triumphing the D can
die in the Sun we come together to say
people who are empowered
mr. phenom birthday cake great barb
ethos collectively reaching and young
and old gotta get the word gotta get it
out cuz if I go what am I doing this
fool get with the program
and this is simple in disconnect from
NATO
pack it in I'm back again